Hi everyone.
In this video we will learn Python.
Global variables.
Global variables are created outside of a function and can be used by everyone, both inside and outside
the function.
Here x is a global variable and it is accessible inside the function.
Let's execute the first example.
I execute the selection code.
The result.
Here Python is awesome.
That means this function is can access to the global variable.
In the case we have the same variable inside the function.
Any new value for this variable, it will be in the scope of the function and the value of the original
variable.
The global variable will be the same and changeable like as the original value.
Thus mean.
Here.
When we execute this example, the first print, it will print fantastic and the second the second print
will output the value.
Awesome.
Let's execute this part of code.
Here.
The result?
The first print Python is fantastic.
And the second, Python is awesome.
It is possible to define a global variable inside the function.
Yes, with the global keyword.
When we create a local variable, we add the keyword global and this variable will be global.
Here when we print this, when execute this code x it will be accessible outside the function and take
the value.
Fantastic.
Execute this part of code.
Python is fantastic.
In this case we have the global variable.
Defined outside the function and in the function we define the same variable as global.
The new value will change the original value.
Thus mean when execute this code Python is will be not awesome, but fantastic.
Why?
Because this value it will update the original value.
The scope of this variable is all our file, not just the function like a local variable.
Let's execute the code.
And the result?
Python is fantastic.
This is a short summary.
Global variables are created outside of a function.
Can be used by everyone, both inside and outside of a.
Functions.
Local variables are created inside.
The function can be used only inside this function.
A local variable can be a global variable via the global keywords.